Sarah DanserDig540 - Fall 2015This is a speculative database. While I can imagine uses for it, I am not certain it would be valuable, feasible, or even legal to use this particular database as an exhibition. Still, I thought it would be interesting material to work with."Preaching of the Word" is an imaginary digital audio exhibition of Episcopal theology and teaching in the Diocese of Maine, as expressed through its liturgy (i.e., worship service) and clergy in the form of preached sermons. The Diocese comprises all the parishes (i.e., churches) of that denomination in the state of Maine. The exhibition and database of sermons could serve as:- A form of outreach to past, present, and future churchgoers in the Diocese, allowing them audiovisual access to sermons of any parish, and the sermons' respective themes and sources- A resource for theological, sociological, and historical research and education- A centralized, navigable "data store" of sermon information for use by the Diocese and its parishes.The focus would be on the sermon audio file, supplemented with an image of the clergy and parish(es) where the sermon was delivered. Venues could be located on an interactive map. The exhibition could link out to individual parish websites. Transcripts and fulltext indexing would support textual analysis and visualization on selected sermon corpora. Ideally the exhibition would connect the visitor to the scripture passages (in context) on which the sermons are based, but I am not sure how that would be accomplished. Video could ultimately be included as well.Some questions this exhibition might answer: What are the predominant preaching styles in the Diocese of Maine? Do I like the style and message of the preacher at St. Xyz's? Is the theology consistent throughout the Diocese? How have different preachers interpreted the same scripture reading? Are there observable trends concerning sermon length? How do sermons on feast days (i.e., holidays) compare to weekly sermons? Do certain subjects come up more frequently than others? etc.Note on fields- "Sermon" here is take to encompass homilies, eulogies, and other forms of liturgical address, though they are not precisely the same thing.- "primary-occasion-type" refers to the nature of the event during which the sermon is given: Rite I weekly service, Rite II weekly service, feast day, funeral, Diocesan Convention, etc.- "preacher_role" refers to the clergyperson's ordained position: priest, deacon, bishop, chaplain, etc.- "scripture_source" is the reading upon which the sermon is (typically) based.- "fileloc" and "image" fields are presumed to be URLs.Changes from first draft:1.  Incorporated the audio table into the sermon table, since it is assumed that the database will need only one audio file for each sermon2.  Eliminated the lookup table between sermon and venue. Technically there is still a many-to-many relationship, as a sermon can be delivered at different venues on the same day. But in this case it may be preferable to just repeat the fields, though it may reduce the elegance and efficiency of the database.3.  Included the venue_name field (which I forgot before)4.  Added a venue_url field5.  Added a subject_desc free text field (searchable) for more detailed topical information